Add latent consistency (#5438)
huggingface/diffusers: examples/community/README.md

The model can be used with `diffusers` as follows:

 - *1. Load the model from the community pipeline.*

```py

> from diffusers import DiffusionPipeline

Author: ```suggestion
from diffusers import DiffusionPipeline
import torch
```

The model can be used with `diffusers` as follows:

 - *1. Load the model from the community pipeline.*

```py
from diffusers import DiffusionPipeline
import torch

> pipe = DiffusionPipeline.from_pretrained("SimianLuo/LCM_Dreamshaper_v7", custom_pipeline="latent_consistency_txt2img")

Author: ```suggestion
pipe = DiffusionPipeline.from_pretrained("SimianLuo/LCM_Dreamshaper_v7", custom_pipeline="latent_consistency_txt2img")

# To save GPU memory, torch.float16 can be used, but it may compromise image quality.
```

> pipe.to(torch_device="cuda", torch_dtype=torch.float16)

Author: ```suggestion
pipe.to(torch_device="cuda", torch_dtype=torch.float32)
```

```

> - 2. Run inference with less then 4 inference steps:

Author: ```suggestion
- 2. Run inference with as little as 4 steps:
```

```py
prompt = "Self-portrait oil painting, a beautiful cyborg with golden hair, 8k"

> num_inference_steps = 4  # can be changed to 1, 2 or 4

Author: ```suggestion

# Can be set to 1~50 steps. LCM support fast inference even <= 4 steps. Recommend: 1~8 steps.
num_inference_steps = 4 
```
